Welcome to fruit slot machine games!

// *if the pictures of fruit could not be loaded, change the directory path in main_window.cpp in the Fruits function, also the background image path need to be changed which in the main window ui style sheet.(I don't know if it is the problem my laptop, when I build the project , the path was wrong. If you have problem here, contact me: yuanq@student.tut.fi *//

1. When you start the game and launch the UI, on the top of UI, you see the combinations of fruits to win bonus. In this game, to simplify the bonus calculation algorithm, I make all the bonus possibilities with the same fruits, either for three horizontal pay lines or two diagonal pay lines. According to the frequency of each fruit, I manually make the bet odds. The more rare the fruit is, the higher odds it gives.

2. On the bottom of the window, you see there are two timers working concurrently. The left one is showing the user the local time but does nothing. The right timer does a countdown. I set that the max time you can play for this game is only five minutes, therefore, when the time is up, no matter you win or lose, it is going to shut down the game after giving you the result of the game which informs you the best bonus you ever make in one spin and total money you either win or lose through whole game.

3. Below the combos of fruits, the comment label first shows the text"welcome to the fruit slot machine game". Then, after each spin, it tells you the result of that round. Therefore, the player is always informed.

4. On the right side of the main window, there are few items. Let me explain the functionalities of them.
   4.1  The first one is best_bonus display, it will update the best bonus you have gotten  throughout the whole game.
   4.2  The second one is a top-up function which contains one line edit and one button. The line-edit only accepts positive integer values , otherwise, it pops up the warning message. 
   4.3. The money item below shows the how much money the player has at this moment.
   4.4  The bet item demonstrates the cost of each spin. I set the min value is 1 here.
        If the bet is more than the money you have, it disables lock and spin buttons. Only when the bet is less than or equal to the money you own, you are able to continue playing the game and the buttons will be enabled again.
   4.5  OTTO button withdraws money from Money. The player is able to withdraw money only when the value is in range of 0 to money value. If the value the inputs is greater than Money value, it is gonna pop up warning information.
   4.6  The bottom button of the right side is quit button, whenever you click quit button, it is going to show the result of the game and quit the application.  

5. The left side of the main window is three reels with lock button and spin button. The reel is able to show three fruit images at the same time. On the top of each reel, there is a lock button which could lock the spin of reel respectively. If you lock the reel, after a spin, it will switch to the unlocked state by its default. You are able to lock the three locks at the same time, but you are not able to play this game because it does not make any sense if all reels are not functioning and it warns you don't do that.

The frequency of displaying the image is dependent its own frequency property. In this function, I used the discrete_distribution method to generate the image.

The bonus is calculated by five pay lines which include three horizontal pay lines and two diagonal pay lines. When all the fruits on each pay line are the same, it will calculate the bonus, added it into Money item,  display the result to you.  

The spin button can change the pics on the reel randomly. When you click the spin button, it will check the Money first, you do not have any money, it will disable locks and spin button automatically. In the meanwhile, it asks "you do you want to quit the game?", if you answer yes, it quits the game, otherwise, the game asks you to top up money to continue. The buttons will be enabled till you top up money. When everything is fine, the reel starts to spin for randomized time each round and the corresponding information about this round will be displayed on the some labels, such as comment, best_bonus, total money and so on. When the reel is static, you are able to see only three images but when it is spinning, you will see 4 images!



  


YUAN QI 
267957
                       
        